all right we are here with the book of
CAM the end of wrestle con the new
evolved champion the first ever evolved
champion to big drag a USA shows
absolute remain this weekend I have to
admit I'm exhausted I do want to thank
everyone who attended all the staff all
the wrestlers everyone who made it a
special memorable weekend we will be
back in New Orleans next year and I'm
joined right now by a man who is at the
center of a lot of controversial things
this weekend
Johnny Gargano they opened the freedom
gate champion and and Johnny you know
it's a book of CAM so we're gonna take
everyone inside this meeting and please
explain yourself this weekend and your
actions overwhelmed with just happiness
and what I accomplished this weekend see
going in to wrestle con we knew would be
the biggest weekend of the year for
professional wrestling and I told you
going into my mattress you know it was
going to be a war and it was a war but
you know who won that war
this hand held high at the end of the
night that was truly I'm so proud use
the rope I'm so proud of what I've done
this weekend I'm so proud
all right I'm able to do in that ring I
got in the ring with a monster known as
Shingo a machine for almost 40 minutes
went toe-to-toe with that man and my
hands held high it doesn't matter what I
do what I do is for the people who I
love I'm protecting what I believe and
I'm protecting the people I love
I'm protecting this business and I know
what's best for it cuz I love you all I
love my fans I love you I think
this title my hands
is my life
it's always gonna be my life Johnny how
about you explain what what you just did
today
Mishima and Ritz Wan Shi - Shi ma
disrespected me suma disrespected the
people because the people come here will
see me I'm their hero I'm their
inspiration I am their guiding light
their source of hope that if Shima wants
to berate me if she mo wants to bash me
if she wants to bash the company that I
love I'm gonna do what I need to do to
stop him - to do do what's right for
this company to do what's right for this
business and that's what I'm here to do
because I am your hero my name is Johnny
Gargano I am all heart as long as my
heart is still beating alright let's
just leave it at that you can see the
shows WWN live.com on demand I mean I
don't know what to make of all that I'm
kind of speechless right now so we want
to thank everybody we're gonna have our
next set of shows we're evolving dry and
get us a announce very shortly in the
WWN live alerts meantime check out what
happened this weekend very proud of all
these shows big thank you again for
everyone involved you can watch them at
WWE and live.com on-demand and the
Dragon Gate USA in the evolve sections
thank you very much for watching